beesdoo_product/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst, before:

Modification of product module for the needs of beescoop

- Adds the label bio/ethique/provenance
- Add a 'Suggested Price' field on products, and a 'Product Margin' field on Partners (Vendors) and Product Categories.
  The first margin is used if set, otherwise the second margin (which has a default value) is used.
- The reference price on which this margin is applied (supplier price or sale price)
  can be selected in the general settings.
- Also, sale and supplier taxes that are of type 'percentage' and that are marked as 'included in price'
  are taken into account when computing the suggested price.
- Round suggested price to 5 cents
- Adds "Edit Price" submenu on Point Of Sale, Purchase and Sale modules.
  The user lands on an editable List View with the following columns :

  - Name (`name`)
  - Main Seller (`main_seller_id`)
  - Purchase Price (`purchase_price`)
  - Purchase Unit of Measure (`uom_po_id`)
  - Suggested Price (`suggested_price`)
  - Sales Price (`list_price`)
  - Unit of Measure (`uom_id`)

  The only editable field is Purchase Price.
  Through "Action > Adapt Sales Price", the user can, on the selected products,
  adapt the Sales Price according to the Suggested Price.

Please note that this model makes assumptions when computing the suggested price:

- It supposes that each product has only one supplier and that products coming from multiple suppliers
  occure as duplicated products with one supplier each.

Commit message:

[ADD] beesdoo_product: search product_code of main_seller_id

beesdoo_product/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst, after:

Modification of product module for the needs of beescoop

- Adds the label bio/ethique/provenance
- Add a 'Suggested Price' field on products, and a 'Product Margin' field on Partners (Vendors) and Product Categories.
  The first margin is used if set, otherwise the second margin (which has a default value) is used.
- The reference price on which this margin is applied (supplier price or sale price)
  can be selected in the general settings.
- Also, sale and supplier taxes that are of type 'percentage' and that are marked as 'included in price'
  are taken into account when computing the suggested price.
- Round suggested price to 5 cents
- Adds "Edit Price" submenu on Point Of Sale, Purchase and Sale modules.
  The user lands on an editable List View with the following columns :

  - Name (`name`)
  - Main Seller (`main_seller_id`)
  - Purchase Price (`purchase_price`)
  - Purchase Unit of Measure (`uom_po_id`)
  - Suggested Price (`suggested_price`)
  - Sales Price (`list_price`)
  - Unit of Measure (`uom_id`)

  The only editable field is Purchase Price.
  Through "Action > Adapt Sales Price", the user can, on the selected products,
  adapt the Sales Price according to the Suggested Price.
- Allow searching a product given the product reference of the main
  seller (also known as the `product_code` of the `product.supplierinfo`
  object).

Please note that this model makes assumptions when computing the suggested price:

- It supposes that each product has only one supplier and that products coming from multiple suppliers
  occure as duplicated products with one supplier each.
