beesdoo_product/README.rst, before:

===============
beesdoo_product
===============

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-beescoop%2Fobeesdoo-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/beescoop/obeesdoo/tree/12.0/beesdoo_product
    :alt: beescoop/obeesdoo

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

Modification of product module for the needs of beescoop

- Adds the label bio/ethique/provenance
- Add a 'Suggested Price' field on products, and a 'Product Margin' field on Partners (Vendors) and Product Categories.
  The first margin is used if set, otherwise the second margin (which has a default value) is used.
- The reference price on which this margin is applied (supplier price or sale price)
  can be selected in the general settings.
- Also, sale and supplier taxes that are of type 'percentage' and that are marked as 'included in price'
  are taken into account when computing the suggested price.
- Adds "Edit Price" submenu on Point Of Sale, Purchase and Sale modules.
  The user lands on an editable List View with the following columns :

  - Name (`name`)
  - Main Seller (`main_seller_id`)
  - Purchase Price (`purchase_price`)
  - Purchase Unit of Measure (`uom_po_id`)
  - Suggested Price (`suggested_price`)
  - Sales Price (`list_price`)
  - Unit of Measure (`uom_id`)

  The only editable field is Purchase Price.
  Through "Action > Adapt Sales Price", the user can, on the selected products,
  adapt the Sales Price according to the Suggested Price.

Please note that this model makes assumptions when computing the suggested price:

- It supposes that each product has only one supplier and that products coming from multiple suppliers
  occure as duplicated products with one supplier each.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/beescoop/obeesdoo/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/beescoop/obeesdoo/issues/new?body=module:%20beesdoo_product%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Beescoop - Cellule IT
* Coop IT Easy SCRLfs

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Beescoop - Cellule IT
* Coop IT Easy SCRLfs

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `beescoop/obeesdoo <https://github.com/beescoop/obeesdoo/tree/12.0/beesdoo_product>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[ADD] beesdoo_product: search product_code of main_seller_id

beesdoo_product/README.rst, after:

===============
beesdoo_product
===============

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-beescoop%2Faddons-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/beescoop/addons/tree/12.0/beesdoo_product
    :alt: beescoop/addons

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

Modification of product module for the needs of beescoop

- Adds the label bio/ethique/provenance
- Add a 'Suggested Price' field on products, and a 'Product Margin' field on Partners (Vendors) and Product Categories.
  The first margin is used if set, otherwise the second margin (which has a default value) is used.
- The reference price on which this margin is applied (supplier price or sale price)
  can be selected in the general settings.
- Also, sale and supplier taxes that are of type 'percentage' and that are marked as 'included in price'
  are taken into account when computing the suggested price.
- Round suggested price to 5 cents
- Adds "Edit Price" submenu on Point Of Sale, Purchase and Sale modules.
  The user lands on an editable List View with the following columns :

  - Name (`name`)
  - Main Seller (`main_seller_id`)
  - Purchase Price (`purchase_price`)
  - Purchase Unit of Measure (`uom_po_id`)
  - Suggested Price (`suggested_price`)
  - Sales Price (`list_price`)
  - Unit of Measure (`uom_id`)

  The only editable field is Purchase Price.
  Through "Action > Adapt Sales Price", the user can, on the selected products,
  adapt the Sales Price according to the Suggested Price.
- Allow searching a product given the product reference of the main
  seller (also known as the `product_code` of the `product.supplierinfo`
  object).

Please note that this model makes assumptions when computing the suggested price:

- It supposes that each product has only one supplier and that products coming from multiple suppliers
  occure as duplicated products with one supplier each.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/beescoop/addons/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/beescoop/addons/issues/new?body=module:%20beesdoo_product%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Beescoop - Cellule IT
* Coop IT Easy SCRLfs

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Beescoop - Cellule IT
* Coop IT Easy SCRLfs

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `beescoop/addons <https://github.com/beescoop/addons/tree/12.0/beesdoo_product>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
